So for this exercise I wanted to play around in javascript in order to make some creative stuff. The exercise was to make or redesign a throbber. My idea (and what I've tried to produce) is PacMan chasing fodder till eternity, however, I find myself struggling with a few things like making his mouth so instead I just settled with making an eye - a simple stroked white dot thats a little further out and placed slightly ahead of the big yellow circle, to make the notion of an eye. Another frustrating issue was figuring out how I was supposed to make the circles not start at the same point but still run in the same circle - I tried different stuff like setTimeout and setInterval, only to conclude that it would simply start the "dot" later but not at the same position. By fiddling around with the code at last I figured that other ways could manipulate the starting position of the dots, while not really understanding why exactly. I figure this has something to do with the x and y position of the circles that are the starting points, but I have a hard time figuring how to make them "exact". I guess (and hope) this 'why' and 'how to' will be answered with more practise!

Heres a link to my throbber: https://mikkelsvendsen.github.io/mini_ex/miniex03/

So what did I end up with? Well basically this is just me expressing my creativty. The colors of the dots are randomly chosen in the sense that, to make it visible for myself and thus easier in the coding process, I had to give them separate colors. I wanted initially to make all the dots yellow (like the fodder in PacMan). In retrospect I also believe this would make for a much better looking throbber.
